[Music]
how are you welcome to
castilla-la mancha 'live is Tuesday 24
August and our first stop of
this afternoon the Albacete town of
will build a villa nestled in one of
the most unique places of the sierra
of alcaraz and singular are also his
enclosures strong dish of the parties in
honor to his patron san sebastián our
Víctor has lived the last imprisonment of
the parties with the buckets
early appointment in the corrals of houses
of the Moguereños and Moguera
concentrates gradually after
have lunch elena and her bongo bonuses
we have arrived late for lunch
But what did you have for breakfast?
bacon agate until now typical of here
although you try hard things
because we have seven kilometers left
path
It's up to find a good position to not
miss nothing we'll see the
confinement on board a van
I stay here
what is the war cry mercedes
you have to stretch a little bit because the
doors open for these two steers
a little rebellious because as you can see
they leave the fold ignore the meek
and nerves among the people you are looking for
any place to be safe
[Music]
in the now and how beautiful is the emotion and
clear to run mercedes that they catch us and
the dogs of the
livestock, reducing these
restless calves between the truck and
the dogs are safe but we have
scared good morning
we follow the path to see now if
well placed these beautiful images
cross country and between almond trees
being little to get to fly
there all the people await the entrance
through this glen between the mountains of
sure and alcaraz dale dale flower and because
it is hot today, oppressive and oppressive
but where we better see the end of
confinement is here now his supposed love
of course of course you do not lose
none like good wedding queen though
Clear that that and that of how we take it
very well very well as long as I can what
I'll do in a day how the population will
multiply if we search we find
agents from almost the entire country as
they are treating the Alicante people there are very
well very well the wonder people very
nice very nice meals
great
the giblets the tail of everything
it says here all the bread all terrific
the streets continues the closure
last bull of the livestock of samuel
flowers is a gift from the peña friends
of the bull listen to me here there is no shout of
war with another no no no no here
we shout we are very very quiet your
scale
we are very married in ayna is one thing
exaggerated what they scream and have made of
the mountain also
the confinement ends in the plaza del
village again the locals will have
an appointment here to witness your
traditional novillada without picadores
[Music]
animate the buckets and the world
bullfighting we keep talking